# SnackCart

A simple e-commerce web app built using ReactJS.
Uses the latest ReactJS v18, Redux store and React Router v6.

It is hosted live in firebase at: https://snack-cart-suren.firebaseapp.com/

Features:

1. Entire app is made from scratch using ReactJS, React Router v6, and Redux.
2. Fully functional user accounts with signup, login, logout and authorisation using Firebase Authentication.
3. User profile page with order history.
4. Backend is powered by Firebase Realtime Database.

To implement:

1. Wide-range of products with pictures. [Done]
2. Proper search functionality to find products by name or category.
3. Implementing proper categories for products. [Done]
4. Authentication OAuth to allow signups using existing Google account.
5. Converting it to a responsive web app that has proper support for various devices.

Issues:

1. Empty orders page and profile page. Check checkIfLoggedIn after expiration and send correct alert message based on error message in response.
2. Check login request and store cookie token.
3. Alert boxes and toast message components.
4. In "/" path, set a cookie value as false when a user visits new. Show a modal about logging in to see all features. Mention dummy email id is enough to login and can delete account.
   See how to provide delete account in fir4ebase.
5. In cart, before order now, show another page to check address and delivery info. On order now press button action, show the other elements and hide existing ones.
6. Sometimes when session expires, local storage token is cleared but auth store is not cleared. So, clicking on login button keeps redirecting to "/" - unable to login until apge is reloaded.


to do:
1. use rem for font sizes and em for padding and margins.
2. Remove display flex where not needed. GO through every element again to clean up the css. creater new mixins if needed.
3. Remove font size =16px because that is default? Remove flex direction row because that is default.
4. Wherever hover, add focus.
5. Ine ach scss, create sections like layout, typography, etc..
6. In HTML, if there are many nested elements, add a comment to closing tags to mention what element that is. Makes it easier to understand.
7. What are CSS overflow? Tip in homescreen is not scrollable in mobile. Fix it for all modals. 
8. Change cart to bag everywhere
9. Under 440x width show no of items in bubble over cart icon when bag text hides.
10. Adjust close button on all modals.
11. Implement search to some empty page. Add search component for smaller search button.
12. Set title attribute for buttons including bag, profile, login, logout etc. and on login page too.
13. Make login page responsive.